Review edits (#58)
dib-lab/2020-workflows-paper: content/06.data-resource-management.md

This also removes the imperative of storing intermediate files as these can be easily regenerated by the workflow.

When sharing or storing files and results, data version control can keep track of differences in files such as changes from tool parameters or versions.

> The version control tools discussed in the [Workflow-based project management](## workflow-based-project-management) section are primarily designed to handle small files, but repositories such as the Open Science Framework (OSF), Git Large File Storage (LFS), Figshare, Zenodo, and Dryad can be used for storing larger files and datasets [@doi:10.5195/JMLA.2017.88; @url:https://git-lfs.github.com/; @url:https://figshare.com/; @url:https://zenodo.org/; @url:https://datadryad.org/].

Reviewer: Git LFS is not a repository, it's a technique - that is supported by GitHub :).

So I guess we could say GitHub's support for LFS, or something?

|  cat | print a file to standard out | cat samples.csv |
|  grep | find matching text and print the line to standard out | grep ">" ecoli.fasta |
|  cut | cut columns from a table | cut -d"," -f1 samples.csv |

> Table: Some commands to quickly explore the contents of a file. By using these bash commands, the user can detect common formatting problems or other abnormalities. {#tbl:bash_commands}

Author: ```suggestion
Table: Some commands to quickly explore the contents of a file. These commands can be used on Unix and Linux operating systems to detect common formatting problems or other abnormalities. {#tbl:bash_commands}
```
